actresses with anacondas
babes with boners
bachlorettes with bishops
bimbos with bones
bitches with beef
broads with rods
chicas with chubbies
chicks with dicks
cunts with cocks
dames with ding-dongs
debbies with dongs
dolls with balls
dominatrixes with dipsticks
dykes with dinks
females with foreskin
femmes with footlongs
foxes with fucksticks
gals with gadgets
girls with gonads
goddesses with goliaths
harpies with helmets
heroines with hard-ons
hoochies with hoses
hotties with hammers
maidens with members
mistresses with manginas
moms with meat
nannies with nightsticks
nieces with nuts
nuns with knobs
pinays with pipes
playmates with prostates
princesses with penises
shrews with salami
sisters with snakes
skanks with scrotums
skirts with schlongs
sluts with sausage
succubuses with sacks
tarts with tools
tramps with testes
tricks with tripods
vixens with vipers
wenches with wee-wees
whores with more
widows with woodies
wives with weiners
women with wangs
